Update README.md (#1)
radiumlearning/course-testing: README.md

- Live practical examples of a component test with Redux
- Sharing & explaining asynchronous material

> 

Author: ```suggestion

### Where to find the material

- First, checkout to the corresponding branch for the class you are taking

Class 1 (clase-1/exercises)
- Navigate to `packages/lib/utils/exercises`

Class 2 (clase-1/exercises)
- TBD

Class 3 (clase-1/exercises)
- TBD

```

- Live practical examples of a component test with Redux
- Sharing & explaining asynchronous material

## Workflow

> Participants will have to fork this repo in order to publish their own asynchronous material solutions, which should have their own separate branches each. This is meant to be a way to keep track of each student's work and keep the repo tidy and reusable for future lectures.

Author: ```suggestion
Participants will have to fork this repo in order to publish their own asynchronous material solutions in the form of a PR, each class will have their own separate branches each already created. This is meant to be a way to keep track of each student's work and keep the repo tidy and reusable for future lectures.
```

e.g.

> For the first lecture, a branch "first-class" should be created with the solutions for the asynchronous material.

Author: ```suggestion
For the first lecture, there's a branch already created called "clase-1/exercise" with the assignment, so each participant will need to create a PR with the solutions for that assignment
```

> 
> e.g.
> For the first lecture, a branch "first-class" should be created with the solutions for the asynchronous material.

Author: ```suggestion

```
